Update deploy-a-hugo-site.md (#4045)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/framework-guides/deploy-a-hugo-site.md

## Using a specific Hugo version

> You can set the environment variable `HUGO_VERSION` under Settings to use a [specific version of Hugo](https://github.com/gohugoio/hugo/releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the environment variable `HUGO_VERSION` in your Worker > **Settings** to use a [specific version of Hugo](https://github.com/gohugoio/hugo/releases).
```
